50 CHAPTER 19. LAST DITCH EFFORT

Sirens sounded everywhere.

Professor Steve picked up the phone and downloaded the Fast
Bounty app in an instant, pulled his manifesto out of his
pocket, took a picture, uploaded it to the app, and punched
in a reward for $1 trillion dollars'. Then he downloaded the
Chase app, and tried to cash out a trillion from his 401k to
upload into TCSM for escrow. But his account was frozen.

Professor Steve’s heart sank, but then he had an idea. He
called his mom, as he trudged forward on the Massachusetts
Turnpike.

“Hello?” she asked,

“Hi Mom, it’s Steven. Listen, I need your password for the
Internet to fix it.”

‘Tm watching you on the news right now. Is what they’re
saying true?”

Professor Steve shouted “I gotta go,” then hung up on her,
flustered. He picked up his phone, downloaded the Wells
Fargo app, and started guessing his mother’s credentials. He
succeeded with his first try. But there was two-factor authen-
tication he had to deal with, so he logged into her Verizon
account (same password), configured her phone to forward
text messages to email, logged into her email (same pass-
word), confirmed the authentication, went back into Wells
Fargo, cashed out $1 trillion from her 401k, and uploaded
it into Fast Bounty’s escrow, with the objective: “Get Sam
Harris to publicly comment on my manifesto.”

1 Approximately $10,000 in 2019 USD
